Feature/doc restructure installation (#11)
microROS/micro-ROS-doc: Installation/NuttxLinux_DevTools.md

# Development tools installation

## Host system installation

### ROS2 development tools

Follow the steps to install ROS2 development tools located in the [Development tools installation for Linux](Linux_DevTools.md) section.

### Nuttx development tools

> To setup a Nuttx develop environment execute the below commands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up a Nuttx develop environment execute the below commands. 
```
